Hi there, people Mushkin did not do everything
tutorial on the back yener
Now I will explain all the stages on
this element is a little technical
a little complicated well as anyone in the
Now let's look at the principle like
interpretation so here and here first tires
workouts this here is such a pier once wow
so time 2 that is here we sit like this
we need to unfold the hull and pushed
so this is the first that he and 3 minutes still
The main feature in this item is
When I studied, I thought that
most importantly kicked off when
you saw when employees do that
that is, in the same place there are no them but no
push your legs that is the more you
you will make this element
sharpen make everything ok beautiful
then you can even do without jolt
legs that is but for now mother we are learning
do
pushing the legs that is we train it
movement and
as if touching the very essence of this
we turned out an element we develop
the case is 180 degrees to here on
90 0 expand the body
slightly touch your foot against the wall and
Spinning around for help hands that is due to
hands we bang and spinning
in principle, that's the best I can still affected
on this element we are spinning just for
account hands helping myself with my feet
we can under Mahmud there is still the main feature
so we do not need much
set your foot high over the fence
what can expand and you husband do
already straight and let's forget how to blame and
that is, much to insert some well
here
here that is when i did i admit
some such mistakes when i did
because I started well, that's just like that here
forget my hand without straightening
wait what you need to do right
the pattern on hand renounces feed
here so I can and it's a trick
that is, they made an element
so now try to show you
at the side
so guys here again explain fucking
10 times we look at our well here we sit
and so right we unfold the body
stretch a little bit in your hand like this not
much so hand pull it she was
together again and a little bit away and
wipe your hand here we lay here already
somewhere but not very high him never
not at all because you can not
encounter a tour of the past second hand
and about somewhere narrow on the table hands
set zero, that is, measure like this
as it is convenient for someone and I am doing right now
I will show you how to do it
look
This is how the element itself is done.
I can't say more
then the element is incomprehensible to write in
komente if I tell you something, I think
I wonder you will be this tutorial on
this element
the element is beautiful his wanted to learn
I learned how to inspire
develop try
what questions we write subscribe to
I order tutorials on the channel all
did everything to everyone bye